a boy under an aeroplane - chlapec pod lietadlom
a boy on a table - chlapec na stole
a boy on an aeroplane - chlapec na lietadle
a boy under a table - chalpec pod stolom

The girls are walking. - Dievcata kracaju.
The girls are running. - Dievcata bezia.
The boy is jumping. - Chlapec skace.
The boy is walking. - Chalpec kraca.

The woman has short hair. - Zena ma kratke vlasy.
The woman has long hair. - Zena ma dlhe vlasy.
The man has long hair. - Muz ma dlhe vlasy.
The man has very short hair. - Muz ma velmi kratke vlasy.

one, two, three - jeden dva, tri
six, seven, eight - sest, sedem, osem
four, five, six - styri, pat, sest
five, six, seven - pat, sest, sedem

the horse is walking - kon chodi
the horses are walking - kone kracaju
the car is white - auto je biele
the cars are white - auta su biele

The time is four o'clock. - Su styri hodiny.
The time is two o'clock. - Su dve hodiny.
The time is six o'clock. - Je sest hodin.
The time is three o'clock. - Su tri hodiny.


Is the pink car new? - Je ruzove auto nove?
No, it is not new. 	   Nie, nie je nove.

Is the black car old? - Je cierne auto stare?
No, it isn't old.	    Nie, nie je stare.
It is new.				Je nove.

Is the red car old? - Je cervene auto stare?
No, it is not.		  Nie, nie je.

Is the green car old?      - Je zelene auto stare?
Yes, the green car is old.   Ano, zelene auto je stare.


apples in boxes - jablka v bednickach
bananas in a basket - banany v kosi
bread in bags - chlieb v papierovych sackoch
tomatoes in a basket - paradajky v kosiku

The girls are wearing white blouses and black skirts. - Dievcata nosia biele bluzky a cierne sukne.
The girls are wearing dresses and hats. - Dievcata nosia saty a klobuky.
One girl is wearing a white dress and one girl is wearing a red and a white dress. - Jedno dievca nosi biele saty a jedno dievca nosi cerveno-biele saty.
The girls are wearing black trousers. - Dievcata nosia cierne nohavice.


What food is this? - Co je to za jedlo?
This is bread.		 Toto je chlieb.

What are the women wearing?     - Co tie zeny nosia?
They are wearing white blouses.   Oni nosia biele bluzky.

What are the women wearing?     - Co nosia zeny?
They are wearing blue T-shirts.   Oni nosia modre tricka.

What food is this?      - Co je to za jedlo?
These are strawberries.   Toto su jahody.
