The boy is wearing a red sweater. - Chlapec nosi cerveny sveter. (sweater - sveter)
The man is wearing a blue sweater. - Muz nosi modry sveter.
The girls are wearing dresses. - Dievcata nosia saty.
The woman is wearing a purple sweater. - Zena nosi fialovy sveter.

The boy is wearing blue trousers. - Chlapec nosi modre nohavice. (trousers - nohavice)
The boy is wearing a blue T-shirt. - Chlapec nosi modre tricko. (T-shirt - tricko)
The woman is wearing a black shirt. - Zena nosi ciernu koselu. (shirt - kosela, bluza)
The woman is wearing black trousers. - Zena nosi cierne nohavice.

two socks - dve ponozky (sock - ponozka)
one shoe - jedna topanka (shoe - topanka)
one sock - jedna ponozka
two shoes - dve topanky

He is wearing a sweater. - On nosi sveter.
She is wearing red and white sweater. - Ona nosi cerveno-biely sveter.
She is wearing a purple top. - Ona nosi fialovy vrch.
He is not wearing a sweater. - On nenosi sveter.

The woman is wearing a red coat. - Zena nosi cerveny kabat. (coat - kabat)
The woman is wearing a red dress. - Zena nosi cervene saty.
She is wearing a red and white sweater and jeans. - Ona nosi cerveno-biely sveter a rifle.
She is wearing a red skirt. - Ona nosi cervenu suknu. (skirt - sukna)

He is wearing black shorts and a white shirt. - On nosi cierne kratase a biele tricko. (shorts - kratase)
One person is wearing a yellow top and the other person is wearing a red top. - Jedna osoba nosi zlty vrch a druha osoba nosi cerveny top.
One woman is wearing a yellow dress and the another woman is waring a red dress. - Jedna zena nosi zlte saty a dalsia zena nosi cervene saty.
She is not wearing anything. - Ona nenosi nic.

She is wearing a skirt. - Ona nosi suknu.
She is wearing shorts. - Ona nosi kratase.
She is wearing a dress. - Ona nosi saty.
She is wearing trousers. - Ona nosi nohavice.

He is wearing blue trousers. - On nosi modre nohavice.
He is wearing a blue sweater. - On nosi modry sveter.
He is wearing a blue shirt. - On nosi modre tricko.
He is wearing a blue jacket. - On nosi modru bundu.

He is putting on trousers. - On si oblieka nohavice. (put on - obliekat si)
He is putting on a shirt. - On si oblieka koselu.
He is putting on a shoe. - On si oblieka topanku.
He is putting on a sock. - On si oblieka ponozku.

The man with glasses is wearing a sweater. - Muz s okuliarmi nosi sveter.
The clown is putting on trousers. - Klavn si oblieka nohavice.
The clown is wearing trousers. - Klavn nosi nohavice.
The man with glasses is putting on a sweater. - Muz s okuliarmi si oblieka sveter.


