The woman is talking on the telephone. - Zena hovori na telefone.
The woman is smiling. - Zena sa smeje.
The woman is pointing. - Zena ukazuje.
The woman is reading. - Zena cita.

an animal that is not a cat - zviera ktore nie je macka
a person who is no an adult - osoba ktora nie je dospely
a person who is no a child - osoba ktora nie je dieta
an animal that is not a dog - zviera ktore nie je pes

a small boat - mala lodka
a small box - mala skatulka
a big box - velka skatulka
a big boat - velka lodka

The blue circle is smaller than the red circle. - Modry kruh je mensi ako cerveny kruh.
The circle is smaller than the square. - Kurh je mensi ako stvorec.
The red circle is smaller than the blue circle. - Cerveny kruh je mensi ako modry kruh.
The square is smaller than the circle. - Stvorec je mensi ako kruh.

Both women are pointing. One is pointing with her right hand and the other one with her left hand. - Obe zeny ukazuju. Jedna ukazuje s jej pravou rukou a druha s jej lavou rukou.
One woman is pointing. She is pointing with her left hand. - Jedna zena ukazuje. Ona ukazuje s jej lavou rukou.
Neither woman is pointing. - Ziadna zo zien neukazuje.
One woman is pointing. She is pointing with her right hand. - Jedna zena ukazuje. Ona ukazuje s jej pravou rukou.

The girl is using the phone. - Dievca pouziva telefon.
The woman is pointing. - Zena ukazuje.
The woman is not using the phone and she is not pointing. - Zena nepouziva telefon a ona neukazuje.
The woman is using the phone. - Zena pouziva telefon.

The women are standing and the men are sitting. - Zeny stoja a muzi sedia.
The women and one man is standing and one man is sitting. - Zeny a jeden muz stoja a jeden muz sedi.
The men and the women are standing. - Muzi a zeny stoja.
The men and the one woman is sitting and one woman is standing. - Muz a jedna zena sedia a jedna zena stoji.

The man is between two women. - Muz je medzi dvomi zenami.
The dog is between two people. - Pes je medzi dvomi ludmi.
The dog is beside two people. - Pes je vedla dvoch ludi.
The man is beside two women. - Muz je vedla dvoch zien.

She is touching her chin. - Ona sa dotyka svojej brady.
She is touching her eye. - Ona sa dotyka svojho oka.
He is touching his nose. - On sa dotyka svojho nosa.
He is touching his mouth. - On sa dotyka jeho ust.

The girls have not jumped. The boy has jumped. - Dievcata neskocili. Chlapec skocil.
The boy and the girls are jumping. - Chlapec a dievcata skacu.
The girls are not going to jump. The boy is going to jump. - Dievcata nebudu skakat. Chlapec bude skakat.
The girls are not jumping. The boy is jumping. - Dievcata neskacu. Chlapec skace.







