Two yellow balls are in her left hand. - Dve zlte lopty su v jej lavej ruke.
Two yellow balls are in her right hand. - Dve zlte lopty su v jej pravej ruke.
A yellow ball is in her left hand. - Zlta lopta je v jej lavej ruke.
One yellow ball is in her right hand. - Jedna zlta lopta je v jej pravej ruke.

The ball is in the woman's right hand. - Lopta je v zeninej pravej ruke.
The woman has two balls in her left hand and two balls in her right hand. - Zena ma dve lopty v lavej ruke a dve lopty v pravej ruke.
Tha cup is in the woman's right hand. (cup - pohar) - Pohar je v zeninej pravej ruke.
The pen is in the woman's right hand. Tha paper is her left hand. - Pero je v zeninej pravej ruke. Papier je v jej lavej ruke.

Where is the hat? The girl is holding the hat in her right hand. (to hold - drzat) - Kde je klobuk? Dievca drzi klobuk v jej pravej ruke.
Where is the ball? The ball is in her right hand. - Kde je lopta? Lopta je v jej pravej ruke.
Where is the ball? The ball is in her left hand. - Kde je lopta? Lopta je v jej lavej ruke.
Where is the hat? The girl is holding a hat in her left hand. - Kde je klobuk? Dievca drzi klobuk v jej lavej ruke.

The girl has something in her right hand. - Dievca ma nieco v svojej pravej ruke.
The woman is holding the telephone in her left hand. - Zena drzi telefon vo svojej lavej ruke.
The woman is holding the telephone in her right hand. - Zena drzi telefon vo svojej pravej ruke.
The girl has something in her left hand. - Dievca ma nieco vo svojej lavej ruke.


Both women are pointing. 															 - Obe zeny ukazuju. 
One is pointing with her right hand and the other one is poining with her left hand. - Jedna ukazuje so svojou pravou rukou a druha ukazuje so svojou lavou rukou.

Neither woman is pointing. - (neither - ziadny, ziadna, ziadne) - Ziadna zena neukazuje.

One woman is pointing.              - Jedna zena ukazuje.
She is pointing with her left hand. - Ona ukazuje so svojou lavou rukou.

One woman is pointing.				 - Jedna zena ukazuje.
She is pointing with her right hand. - Ona ukazuje so svojou pravou rukou.


The microphone is in the singer's left hand. - Mikrofon je v spevakovej lavej ruke.
The man has one guitar in the right hand and one in the left hand. - Muz ma jednu gitaru v pravej ruke a jednu v lavej ruke.
The microphone is in the singer's right hand. - Mirkofon je v spevakovej pravej ruke.
Tha man is playing the guitar. - Muz hra na gitare.

No left turn - zakaz odbocenia vlavo
No right turn - zakaz odbocenia vpravo
No parking - zakaz parkovania
No U-turn - zakaz otacania sa

This window is square. - Toto okno je stvorcove.
This clock is square. - Tieto hodiny su stvorcove.
This window is round. - Toto okno je okruhle.
This clock is round. - Tieto hodiny su okruhle.

This sign is square. - Tato znacka je stvorcova.
This sign is rectangular - Tato znacka je obdlznikova.
This sign is round. - Tato znacka je okruhla.
This sign is not rectangular, round or square. - Tato znacka nie je obdlznikova, okruhla alebo stvorcova.

Warning, children - upozornenie, deti
Warning, cows - upozornenie kravy
Warning, kangaroos - upozornenie, klokany
Warning, deer - upozornenie jelen