The woman is talking. - Zena hovori.
The man in the yellow T-shirt is talking. - Muz v zltom tricku hovori.
Three men are talking. - Traja muzi hovoria.
Gorbachev is talking. - Gorbacov hovori.

This boy is lying down. - Tento chlapec lezi na zemi.
This man is playing chess. - Tento muz hra sachy.
This man is talking. - Tento muz hovori.
This boy is talking. - Tento chlapec hovori.

The man is talking to the boy. - Muz hovori chlapcovi. (be + talking to someone - hovorit s niekym)
The woman in the blue is talking to the woman in red. - Zena v modrom hovori so zenou v cervenom.
The woman is talking to the man. - Zena hovori s muzom.
The boy is talking to the man. - Chlapec hovori s muzom.

The man is talking to the boy about the aeroplane. - Muzo hovori s chlapcom o lietadle.
The boy is talking to the man about the aeroplane. - Chlapec hovori s muzom o lietadle.
The man is talking into the walkie-talkie. - Muz hovori do prenosnej vysielacky. (walkie-talkie - prenosna vysielacka, be + talking into walkie-talkie - hovorit do vysielacky)
The man is talking on the mobile phone. - Muz hovori na mobilnom telefone. (be + talking on the mobile phone - hovorit na mobile)

This woman is not talking. She is laughing. - Tato zena nehovori. Ona sa smeje. 
This woman is talking to the girl about the book. - Tato zena hovori s dievcatom o knihe. (be + talking to someone about something - hovorit s niekym o niecom)
These two women are talking about the plant. - Tieto dve zeny sa rozpravaju o rastilne.
These two girls are not talking at all. - Tieto dve dievcata sa vobec nerozpravaju. (be NOT + talking + at all - vobec sa nerozpravat)

This woman is not talking. - Tato zena nehovori.
These men are not talking. - Tito muzi sa nerozpravaju.
These men are talking. - Tito muzi sa rozpravaju.
This woman is talking. - Tato zena sa rozprava.

The woman is not on the phone. - Tato zena nie je na telefone.
The man is on the phone. - Muz je na telefone. 
The woman is on the phone. - Zena je na telefone.
The man is not on the phone. - Muz nie je na telefone.

These women can talk. - Tieto zeny mozu hovorit.
Which man can't talk? - Ktory muz nemoze hovorit?
Which man can talk? - Ktory muz moze hovorit?
These women can't talk. They are mannequins. - Tieto zeny nemozu hvorit. Oni su manekynky. (mannequins - manekyna)

The man can talk because he is not drinking. - Muz moze hovorit lebo on nepije. (can talk - moze hovorit)
The boy can't talk because he is under water. - Chlapec nemoze hovorit pretoze je pod vodou. (can't talk - nemoze hovorit)
The man can't talk now because he is drinking. - Muz teraz nemoze hovorit pretoze pije.
The boy can talk because he is not under water. - Chlapec moze hovorit pretoze nie je pod vodou.

Which man can talk? - Ktory muz moze hovorit?
Which man can't talk? - Ktory muz nemoze hovorit?
Which boy can talk? - Ktory chlapec nemoze hovorit?
Which boy can't talk? - Ktory chlapec nemoze hovorit?