He is riding a bike using his hands. - On jazdi na bicykli pomocou jeho ruk. (using his hands - pomocou jeho ruk)
He is jumping with a pole. - On skace o zrdi. (jump with a pole - skok o zrdi)
She is singing with a microphone. - Ona spieva do mikrofonu.
The boy in the red sweater is playing. He is playing with his friends. - Chlapec v cervenom svetri sa hra. On sa hra s jeho priatelmi.

He is playing without his friends. - On sa hra bez jeho kamaratov.
He is riding without using his hands. - On jazdi bez pomoci ruk.
He is jumping without a pole. - On skace bez zrde.
She is singing without a microphone. - Ona spieva bez mikrofonu.

He is jumping without a pole. - On skace bez zrde.
She is singing with a microphone. - Ona spieva do mirkofonu.
He is jumping with a pole. - On skace o zrdi.
She is singing without a microphone. - Ona spieva bez mirkofonu.

He is riding a bike without using his hands. - On jazdi na bicykli bez pomoci ruk.
He is riding a bike using his hands. - On jazdi na bicykli za pomoci ruk.
He is playing with his friends. - On sa hra s kamaratmi.
He is playing without his friends. - On sa hra bez kamaratov.

The man is jumping with a parachute. - Muz skace s padakom. (jump with a parachute - skok s padakom)
He is climbing with a rope. - On sa splha na lane. (climb with a rope - splhat sa na lane)
The man is jumping without a parachute. - Muz skace bez padaka.
He is climbing without a rope. - On sa splha bez lana.

The man with a shirt is running. - Muz v tricku bezi.
The woman with sunglasses is sitting down. - Zena v slnecnych okuliaroch sedi. (sunglasses - slnene okuliare)
The woman without sunglasses is sitting down. - Zena bez slnecnych okuliarov sedi.
The man without a shirt is running. - Muz bez tricka bezi.

The person with a helmet is riding a bike. - Osoba s helmou jazdi na bicykli. (a person with a helemet [helmit] - osoba s helmou)
The people without umrellas are walking. - Ludia bez dazdnika chodia.
The person without a helmet is riding a bike. - Osoba bez helmy jazdi na bicykli.
The people with umbrellas are walking. - Ludia s dazdnikami sa prechadzaju.

The man with a hat is sitting on a box. - Muz s klobukom sedi na bedni. (sit on a box - sediet na bedni)
The man without a hat is sitting on a box. - Muz bez klobuku sedi na bedni.
The woman without a hat is walking. - Zena bez klobuka kraca.
The woman with a hat is walking. - Zena s klobukom kraca.

The man without a hat is pointing. - Muz bez klobuka ukazuje.
The man without a cap is writing. - Muz bez capice pise.
The man with a cap is writing. - Muz s capicou pise.
The man with a hat is pointing. - Muz s klobukom ukazuje.

The boy with a sweater is playing in the grass. - Chlapec vo svetri sa hra v trave. (play in the grass - hrat sa v trave)
The boy without a sweater is playing in the sand. - Chlapc bez svetra sa hra v piesku. (play in the sand - hrat sa v piesku)
The boy without a sweater is on the grass. - Chlapec bez svetra je na trave.
The boy with a sweater is playing in the sand. - Chlapec vo svetri sa hra v piesku.