a girl and her mother - dieva a jej matka
a girl and her father - dievca a jej otec
a boy and his mother - chlapec a jeho matka
a boy and his father - chlapec a jeho otec

a girl and her family - dievca a jej rodina
a girl and her father - dievca a jej otec
a girl and her brother - dievca a jej brat
a girl and her mother - dievca a jej matka

the boy and his family - chlapec a jeho rodina
the boy and his father - chlapec a jeho otec
the boy and his mother - chlapec a jeho matka
the boy and his sister - chlapec a jeho sestra

The woman is sitting on her husband. - Zena sedi na svojom muzovi.
The woman is sitting on a chair beside her husband. - Zena sedi na stolicke vedla svojho muza.
The woman is standing with her husband and children. - Zena stoji s muzom a detmi.
The woman is sitting beside her husband on a sofa. - Zena sedi vedla svojho muza na gauci. (sofa - gauc)

The man is sitting on a chair beside his wife. - Muz side na kresle vedla svojej zeny.
The man is standing with his wife and his children. - Muz stoji so svojou zenou a detmi.
The man's wife is sitting on him. - Muzova zena sedi na nom.
The man is sitting beside his wife on a sofa. - Muz sedi vedla svojej zeny na gauci.

a father and his daughter - otec a jeho dcera
a father and his son - otec a jeho syn
a mother and her dauthter - matka a jej dcera
a mother and her son - matka a jej syn

a sister and brother and their mother - sestra a brat a ich matka
a sister and brother with their parents - sestra a brat s ich rodicmi
a husband and a wife with their daugher - manzel a zena s ich dcerou
a sister and a brother without their parents - sestra a brat bez ich rodicov

These four people are a family. - Tito styria ludia su rodina.
These four people are not a family. - Tito styria ludia nie su rodina.
These three people are from the same family. - Tito traja ludia su z tej istej rodiny.
These three people are not from the same family. - Tito traja ludia nie su z tej istej rodiny.

two parents without their children - dvaja rodicia bez ich deti
two brothers and theirs father - dvaja bratia a ich otec
two brothers and their mather - dvaja bratia a ich matka
two parents with their children - dvaja rodicia s ich detmi

a child with his parents - dieta s jeho rodicmi
two brothers and their father - dvaja bratia a ich otec
These people are not from the same family. - Tito ludia nie su z rovnakej rodiny.
two sisters and their father - dve sestry a ich otec