What is the man doing? He is playing his guitar. - Co robi muz? On hra na svojej gitare.
What is the man doing? He is putting on his sweater. - Co robi muz? On si oblieka jeho sveter.
What is the man doing? He is drinking water. - Co robi muz? On pije vodu.
What is the man doing? He is sitting with his son. - Co robi muz? On sedi so svojim synom.

The feet are together and the hands are apart. - Nohy su spolu a ruky su oddelene. (together - apart)
The feet are apart and the hands are together. - Nohy su oddelene a ruky su spolu.
The hands are apart and the feet are apart. - Ruky su oddelene a nohy su oddelene.
The hands and feet are together.

eighty-five - osemdesiatpat
ninety-five - devadesiatpat
seventy-five - sedemdesiatpat
one hundred - sto

The man can talk because he is not drinking. - Muz moze hovorit pretoze nepije.
The boy can't talk because he is underwater. - Chlapec nemoze hovorit pretoze je pod vodou.
The boy can talk because he is not underwater. - Chlapec moze hovorit pretoze nie je pod vodou.
The man can't talk now because he is drinking. - Muz nemoze teraz hovorit pretoze pije.

The baby is asleep. - Batola je spiace.
The cat is asleep. - Macka je spiaca.
The cat is awake. - Macka je prebudena.
The baby is awake. - Batola je hore.

The woman is brushing her hair while holding her handbag. - Zena si kefuje svoje vlasy pocas toho ako drizi svoju kabelku.
The woman is singing while playing the keyboard. - Zena spieva pocas toho ako hra na klavesach.
The woman is drinking while playing the keyboard. - Zena pije pocas toho ako hra na klavesach.
The woman is writing while holding her handbag. - Zena pise pocas toho ako drzi jej kabelku.

a sister and brother and their mother - sestra a brat a ich matka
a sister and brother with their parents - sestra a brat so svojimi rodicmi
a husband and a wife with their daughter - manzel a manzelka s ich dcerou
a sister and a brother without their parents - sestra a brat bez ich rodicov

Nothing is on the plate. - Nic nie je na tanieri.
Something is on the plate. - Nieco je na tanieri.
Nobody is riding the horse. - Nikto nejazdi na koni.
Somebody is riding the horse. - Niekto jazdi na koni.

The red car is behind the lorry. - Cervene auto je za nakladiakom.
Someone is driving a car. - Niekto soferuje auto.
The breakdown van is pulling the car. - Odtahove vozidlo taha auto.
The lorry is pulling a boat. - Nakladiak taha lod.

The man without a hat is pointing. - Muz bez klobuku ukazuje.
The man with a hat is pointing. - Muz s klobukom ukazuje.
The man without a cap is writing. - Muz bez capice pise.
The man with a cap is writing. - Muz s capicou pise.