a big square - velky stvorec
a small square - maly stovrec
a small circle - maly kruh
a big circle - velky kruh

The blue circle is bigger than the red circle. - Modry kruh je vacsi ako cerveny kruh.
The red circle is bigger than the blue circle. - Cerveny kurh je vacsi ako modry kruh.
The square is bigger than the circle. - Stovrec ja vacsi ako kurh.
The circle is bigger than the square. - Kruh je vacsi ako stvorec.

The circle is smaller than the square. - Kruh je mensi ako stvorec.
The square is smaller than the circle. - Stvorec je mensi ako kruh.
The blue circle is smaller than the red circle. - Modry kruh je mensi ako cerveny kurh.
The red circle is smaller than the blue circle. - Cerveny kurh je mensi ako modry kruh.

The biggest circle is black. - Najvacsi kurh je cierny.
The biggest circle is blue. - Najvacsi kruh je modry.
The biggest circle is yellow. - Najvacsi kruh je zlty.
The biggest circle is red. - Najvacsi kruh je cerveny.

The smallest square is yellow. - Najmensi stvorec je zlty.
The smallest square is blue. - Najmensi stvorec je modry.
The smallest square is red. - Najmensi stvorec je cerveny.
The smallest square is white. - Najmensi stvorec je biely.

a blue rectangle - modry odbdlznik
a yellow rectangle - zlty obdbliznik
a red rectangle - cerveny obdlznik
a white rectangle - biely obdlznik

a small rectangle - maly obdlznik
a red circle - cerveny kruh
a big rectangle - velky odblznik
a green circle - zeleny kruh

a long rectangle - dlhy obdlznik
a short rectangle - kratky obdlznik
a woman with long hair - zena s dlhymi vlasmi
a woman with short hair - zena s kratkymi vlasmi

The red square is bigger than the red circle. - Cerveny stvorec je vacsi ako cerveny kurh.
The red circle is biger than the red squre. - Cerveny kurh je vacsi ako cerveny stvorec.
The yellow rectangle is longer than the green rectangle. - Zlty obdlznik je dlshi ako zeleny obdlznik.
The green rectangle is longer than the yellow rectangle. - Zeleny obdlznik je dlhsi ako zlty obdlznik.

The yellow triangle is smaller than the green triangle. - Zlty trojuholnik je mensi ako zeleny trojuhonik.
The green triangle is smaller than the yellow triangle. - Zeleny trojuholnik je mensi ako zlty trojuholnik.
The yellow rectangle is shorter than the green rectangle. - Zlty obdlznik je kratsi ako zeleny obdlznik.
The green rectangle is shorter than the yellow rectangle. - Zeleny obdlznik je kratsi ako zlty obdlznik.
