some white hats - nejake biele klobuky
a black hat - cierny klobuk
a white hat - biely klobuk
some black hats - nejake cierne klobuky

a white hat - biely klobuk
a black hat and a brown hat - cierny klobuk a hnedy klobuk
some gray hats - nejake sede klobuky
a purple hat - fielovy klobuk

The woman is wearing a black hat. - Zena nosi cierny klobuk.
The girl is wearing a white blouse. - Dievca nosi bielu bluzku.
The woman is wearing a blue T-shirt. - Zena nosi modre tricko.
The woman is wearing a white blouse. - Zena nosi bielu bluzku.

The boy is wearing white trousers. - Chlapec nosi biele nohavice.
The men are wearing blue jeans. - Muzi nosia modre rifle.
The men are waring dark shirts and dark trausers. - Muzi nosia tmave tricka a tmave nohavice.
The woman is wearing a white T-shirt and blue jeans. - Zena nosi biele tricko a modre rifle.

The woman is not wearing a coat. - Zena nenosi kabat.
One woman is wearing a red raincoat and one woman is wearing a purple raincoat. - Jedna zena nosi cerveny prsiplast a jedna zena nosi fialovy prsiplast.
One woman is wearing a yellow raincoat and one woman is wearing a blue raincoat. - Jedna zena nosi zlty prsiplast a jedna zena nosi modry prsiplast.
The woman is wearing a black coat. - Zena nosi cierny kabat.

The woman is wearing a white blouse and a black skirt. - Zena nosi bielu bluzku a ciernu suknu. 
One boy is wearing a blue shirt and one boy is wearing a red shirt. - Jeden chlapec nosi modru koselu a jeden chlapec nosi cervenu koselu.
Both women are wearing blue T-shirts. - Obe zeny nosia modre tricka.
The woman is wearing a white T-shirt and blue jeans. - Zena nosi biele tricko a modre rifle.

The woman is wearing glasses. - Zena nosi okuliare.
The woman is not wearing glasses. - Zena nenosi okuliare.
The man and the woman are not wearing swimming costumes. - Muz a zena nenosia plavky.
The man and the woman are wearing swimming costumes. - Muz a zena nosia plavky.

The girl is wearing two shoes. - Dievca ma dve topanky.
The girl is wearing one shoe. - Dievca nosi jednu topanku.
The boy is wearing one hat. - Chlapec nosi jeden klobuk.
The boy is wearing two hats. - Chlapec nosi dva klobuky.

One gril is wearing a white dress and one girl is wearing a red and white dress. - Jedno dievca nosi biele saty a jedno dievca nosi cerveno-biele saty.
The girls are wearing dresses and hats. - Dievcata nosia saty a klobuky.
The girls are wearing black trousers. - Dievcata nosia cierne nohavice.
The girls are wearing white blouses and black skirts. - Dievcata nosia biele bluzky a cierne sukne.

The girl is not wearing socks. - Dievca nenosi ponozky.
The boy is not wearing shoes. - Chlapec nenosi topanky.
The girl is wearing white socks. - Dievca nosi biele ponozky.
The boy is wearing shoes. - Chlapec nosi topanky.
